docs: add roadmap description (#3465)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/4.community/4.roadmap.md

# Roadmap

> Nuxt is constantly evolving with new features and modules. This page list the current status and schedule of our next releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt is constantly evolving, with new features and modules being added all the time. This page lists the current status and schedule of our planned releases.
```
